addressbook/model/GroupData.java
 addressbook.model.GroupData
addressbook/appmanager/SessionHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.SessionHelper
addressbook/appmanager/NavigationHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.NavigationHelper
addressbook/generators/GroupDataGenerator.java
 addressbook.generators.GroupDataGenerator
addressbook/tests/DbConnectionTest.java
 addressbook.tests.DbConnectionTest
addressbook/appmanager/GroupHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.GroupHelper
addressbook/model/Groups.java
 addressbook.model.Groups
addressbook/appmanager/HelperBase.java
 addressbook.appmanager.HelperBase
addressbook/tests/ContactCreationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactCreationTests
addressbook/tests/GroupCreationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests
 addressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests$1
addressbook/model/Contacts.java
 addressbook.model.Contacts
addressbook/model/ContactData.java
 addressbook.model.ContactData
addressbook/tests/TestBase.java
 addressbook.tests.TestBase
addressbook/tests/ContactPhoneTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactPhoneTests
addressbook/tests/HbConnectionTest.java
 addressbook.tests.HbConnectionTest
addressbook/tests/GroupModificationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.GroupModificationTests
addressbook/tests/ContactDeletionTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactDeletionTests
addressbook/appmanager/ContactHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.ContactHelper
addressbook/tests/ContactModificationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactModificationTests
addressbook/tests/GroupDeletionTests.java
 addressbook.tests.GroupDeletionTests
addressbook/appmanager/ApplicationManager.java
 addressbook.appmanager.ApplicationManager
